# Tuesday, May 19, 2020 7:00 pm

## Attendance

- Diana
- Kendall
- Ryan
- SeYeon
- Tommy
- Matt
- Dodzi
- Maxx
- Kristin

## Welcome

The March Minutes were unanimously approved with 8 votes.

## Officer Reports

### President (Kendall)

Kendall shared a financial update.

- We've adjusted the annual budget in light of COVID-19 affecting plans for events.
- Worst case scenario: We will remain stable even without additional income from conferences and events.
- 200OK revenue was strong despite moving to an online format.
- We're underspending across the board, which is good for this year.
- If we spend according to the strictest budget, we'll be in a good spot throughout the year.

### Vice President (Jeff)
- Techlahoma website updates: Continuing to work with Matt and the marketing team. Impleneted the new "Learn" page. Trimmed down the navigation and removed stale pages.
- Guidestar nonprofit profile updated to Bronze level
- Techlahoma Shields program 
	-  The 3D printing community started to respond to need for personal protective equipment. 
	- A Slack channel and website was created.
- Nursing Home Virtual Visit partnership with LifeChurch
	- LifeChurch reached out for help on a new initiative.
	- Providing Technology to nursing homes across 11 states that allow families to make “virtual visits” during the pandemic.
	- LifeChurch funds could only be used with a partner non-profit.
	- Jeff connected them with contacts at OKDHS. They are now partnering with Oklahoma Assisted Living Association.
	- They would like Advisement & Recommendations on Technology from Techlahoma.
- Jeff shared summarized data for Techlahoma impact as of May 19, 2020.

### Treasurer

## Board Reports

### Thank you callouts

## Program Reports

### Conferences and Events (Maxx)

#### 200OK 
- We shifted 200OK to a virtual format. We brought on an event coordinator which made things run much more smoothly and reduced burden on volunteers.
- Generated over $3,000 in profit.
- 80+ t-shirts coordinated.
- 530 unique viewers, ~150 viewers at peak, averaged 108 viewers

#### ThunderPlains
- We officially broke up with Prospera events, who runs Innotech OK and helped facilitate recruiting for registrations. This will give us the most flexibility on how we want to organize the event. 
- If we choose to convert this to a virtual event, we now have a playbook from 200OK.
- We're currently looking for a new Chairperson.

#### UX Conference
- We've postponed the event to Friday, Feb 5th, 2021 at Philbrook Museum.
- Still planned to remain in-person at this time.

### User Groups (Kristin)
- User groups have continued to stay active for the most part. 
- We've seen an increase in people who are joining some user group events. Norman Hack and Learn event is seeing 2-3 new attendees per week.
- Lots of people starting to contact Innovation Hub after seeing Diana's article. Demand sparked the idea for the Breaking Into Tech Webinar series. Very interactive. Postitive responses overall.
- Cecely Jones will be helping with a webinar specific to landing a new job. We're planning to share LinkedIn Tips, resume review, and advice to secure a tech job.
- We've seen a couple of requests to focus budget on user group marketing for domains or G Suite email accounts. It would be useful to address how they can use Techlahoma User Group funds moving forward.
- Some groups are enjoying the online format and may continue it moving forward.

### Workshops (Diana)
- Workshops are on-hold for now. 
- We've discussed a Django Girls workshop and Rails Bridge. But setup would be a logistics nightmare. So we'll hold off for now.
- For Civic Tech, we don't have a lot going on right now. Collaborating with Code for America on Civic Day of Hacking.

## Committee Reports

### Content Creation (Dodzi)
- We started recognizing volunteers on LinkedIn. We need to share the instructions to add Techlahoma positions to your profile to User Group Leaders. Matt suggested sending an email. Luke has suggested making the format more flexible.
- Haven't touched much with Twitch videos. Most videos are recorded twice: Both on Google Meet and Twitch. Matt is using videos for marketing activities as well.
- Check-in: How is Google Meet + Twitch streaming? 
	- Kendall: We had a frustrating experience streaming for the conferenece. Merging two technologies that don't always play well. May need more control over the audience using a tool like WebEx. It still went well, but the sound was off for a couple speaker with the video. Audio issues with Meet.
	- Tulsa WebDevs tried Google Meet + Twitch, but it was too cumbersome so they switched to Zoom moving forward.

### Fundraising 
- Discussion on the fundraising and audit report from March's board meeting.
- 3 primary takeaways:
	- Bridge Plan (Mission, Vision, Strategy, Goals)
		- Write-On can help us create a plan for a fee. 
	- Existential Threats
	- Design of Annual Fund
		- If we're going to switch to membership-based in January, we'll need to put a team together to plan what that will look like.
- Discussion
	- Matt: Determining what we'll be changing in the way we interact with our members in January will create urgency to figure out the other plan changes sooner.
	- Diana: Amber V. would be thrilled to help us with diversity and inclusion. 
	- Se Yeon: We should figure out Bridge Plan first. "Advance" wording in mission statement is vague. 
	- Jeff: I feel like we have the pieces we need, just need to refine. We know we need clarification for communication strategy. 
	- Kristin: Feels like we've informally started the bridge plan starting with first network event. Accelerated with increased communication due to COVID. If we can keep momentum going to annual fund change, people will understand why. Can we get together again in 2 weeks or so just to review report?
	- Kendall: Should we meet more frequently than every 2 months to review report? My main hang-up: We may not know the concrete plans that may be required.
	- We'll meet on the 3rd Tuesday of June for Bridge Plan Meeting.
	- We'll create a temporary Slack channel and Google Doc to gather items to discuss, questions, and action items for next month's meeting.

### Infrastructure
- Luke suggested moving away from 1Password because it's expensive.

### Marketing (Matt)
 - Added 8 new volunteers and started conducting monthly calls to coordinate activities. (Thanks to Dodzi for assisting with recruitment!)
  - Helped promote Beginner Webinar which attracted 57 attendees.
  - Helped promote 200OK which netted \$4,000+ in donations.
  - Created a new "Learn" page to feature past user group talks at techlahoma.org/learn.
  - Restarted the weekly newsletter to promote upcoming events & timely information. (Thanks to Kendall for helping restart this!)
  - Started experimenting with new ways to reshare clips of past user group talks to social media.
  - Other projects in-progress:
    - Website Optimization & Updates
    - Job Search Webinar
    - Updating YouTube Playlists to increase discoverability
    - Creating an outreach list of people who can help promote events.
    - Drafting & setting up automated emails to welcome future newsletter subscribers.
- Follow-up
	- Se Yeon: Do we have plans for how to handle new volunteers and prevent burnout? 
	- Idea: Can we highlight volunteers in the newsletter? Matt will follow up.

### Membership (Ryan)
- Question: What direction would we like to take formal membership program? COVID has complicated early planning.
- Ryan will follow-up with Matt to gather information for member spotlights to promote in marketing.

## New Business

### Guidance for In-Person Meetings
- Through May 31, the limit is 50. Through June 1, it's under 250 as long as attendees remain 6 feet apart.
- Strong recommendation from government: Anything that can be held online, keep online.
- We'll promote online meetings and discourage in-person meetups until we re-evaluate at June's board meeting.

### Does Thunderplains need to be online in October?
- An in-person component may still be on the table. We should plan on some speakers and attendees being online.

### Community PPP Website Project
- Businesses are having a hard doing doing the calculations required to apply for these loans. What if we could create an online tool to help them easily input information, complete calculations, and provide a printable form to take to a bank.
- Tommy: The banks handle PPP applications directly to SBA. Concerned the project could quickly become massive because each bank requires different information.

### Slack Moderators Needed
- We could use additional Slack moderators to spot messages that seem "off" sooner.
- Kendall has noticed lower than normal engagement on Slack compared to past months.

## Adjourn
Kendall adjourned.