# Tuesday, Jul 21, 2020 7:00 pm

## Attendance

- Diana Varnes
- Kendall Werts
- Se Yeon Kim
- Matt Woods
- Dodzi Dzakuma
- Maxx Crawford
- Ryan Johnson
- Kristin Garcia
- Jeff Lowe

## Welcome

Kendall checked-in with everyone to see how they're doing. Remember to let us know if you're feeling overwhelmed or stretched thin!

May meeting minutes were approved.

## Officer Reports

### President (Kendall)

Kendall shared a budget update.

- It looks like we're about \$5k over budget, but that's actually because we were charged up-front for July's insurance expense.
- The majority of the User Group budget goes to Meetup.com.
- Runway is looking okay. We're not bringing in as much money as expected, but we're also spending less.
- Maxx: At what point should we worry about runway?
  - Jeff: At some point we need to think about fundraising strategy.
  - Se Yeon: Suggested looking into grants.
  - Maxx: Should we look ahead to Giving Tuesday?
- Matt noticed that some donor credit cards in Stripe have expired.
  - Jeff will log in to take a look and see if there's a way to enable reminders when a donor's card expires. He'll reach out to help if we need a more involved communication plan.

### Vice President (Jeff)

- Has data on-hand for annual report, but hasn't put it together yet. We still have a good while before the end of the year.

## Board Reports

## Program Reports

### Conferences and Events (Maxx)

#### ThunderPlains

- We're still looking for a Chairperson. We could still pull off a mad dash similar to 200OK this year, but it could be a stretch.

#### UX Conference

- Still expecting a Feb. 2021 date.
- We're about to open CFPs until October.
- Early bird ticket announcements should happen around Nov. 1, which provides about 3 months before launch.
- We're still on the hook to do the event in-person.

### User Groups (Kristin)

- After 4th of July, groups are starting to pick up again. Groups are meeting virtually who haven't in the past.
- Kristin received an email from Big Data, a group who'd been inactive. Let them know to keep us updated so we can help them get running again.
- Very few demands for funding from groups. A few groups interested in a Techlahoma user group Zoom Pro account. We've been recommending Google Meet instead for now.
- It would be great for Board Members to go into User Groups to present lightning talks and talk about the board.
- We're still having ~10-20 attendees at the monthly "breaking into tech" webinars.
  - We've had schools and businesses attending who've heard of Techlahoma as well.
  - MetroTech Oklahoma City applied for a large grant and would be interested in receiving help with tech education.
- The other month Kristin had Jeff fill out a form for Startup Space. It's a free site to post events. We're already funneling in Techlahoma events.

### Workshops (Diana)

- Doing a DjangoGirls in collaboration with Holberton for GEW Nov 6-7 (Kaitlin doesn't have capacity to do at library anymore with COVID). 36N would like in person, but Diana and Obum working on virtual workshop.
  - NotForProf.it new project, in collaboration with Code for Tulsa, Palomar (Ctrl+Shift School) . Reaching out to Greenwood District and OKC Black Chamber of Commerce.
  - Working on a [Grant Application](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a9njipJ-HYLmev0myoABrZjbx_A1ub2wB9XY-qfFkew/edit) for several civic projects including CourtBot, NotForProf.it, and Clear My Record.
  - National Day of Civic Hacking on Saturday, September 12. This year's focus is COVID Response & Social Safety Nets. Trying to keep it simple. We may see if there's interest in several cities or keep it state level.

## Committee Reports

### Content Creation (Dodzi)

- Follow-up from last time: How can we recognize volunteers in our communications? Touch base with Jeff & Matt.

### Fundraising

- **New Mission Statement:** Enrich Oklahoma's technologists of all backgrounds through education, connection, and opportunity.
- We need to talk more about membership: How we're communicating it to community members and when. Next step is creating a calendar for communication and rollout.
- Kristin: Should we consider grants from nonprofits like [this](https://www.globalgiving.org/learn/covid-19-grants)?
  - Kendall: We didn't think the government PPP grants applied to us, but the nonprofit grant route could be interesting.

### Infrastructure

- No update.

### Marketing (Matt)

- We've continued sending weekly newsletters to promote online events. Matt also created a [small tool to format upcoming Meetup events](https://techlahoma-peekahead.netlify.app/) for the weekly newsletter.
- We published the website update and email to share the Black Lives Matter statement. I'll send out a "last chance" email linking to the Typeform. The last day for donation matching will be July 31.
- I need to get back together with our volunteers to refocus on the key campaigns for the next few weeks.

### Membership (Ryan)

- No update.

## New Business

### Hire Someone for Part-Time Work

- This role would work 5-10 hours / week updating online content, sending the newsletter and managing online communication.
- We're estimating \$5,000 in salary expense to hire this part-time role for the rest of the year (6 months).
- Jeff: Thunderplains won't happen without a role like this. Even if we remove Thunderplains, this role still makes sense to handle grant-writing, communication, event coordination.

The board voted to approve up to \$4,000 for a part-time Techlahoma Admin. 8 "Yes" votes, 1 Abstain.

### Possible Expenses to Cut

- We're currently paying \$1,800 / quarter for Meetup.
  - We're mainly relying on RSVPs for existing attendees and increasing discoverability for new prospective attendees.
- We're paying \$75 / month for Mailchimp.
- We decided to table this topic right now to focus on the Admin role.

### Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Training

- 4 sessions, 1 hour long each over lunch.
- Create a poll to see what day of the week works best and which month.

## Thank Yous

- Thanks to Matt & marketing volunteers for keeping the newsletter going.
- Thanks to Kendall for keeping the ship going.
- Thanks to Dodzi for helping with Livestreams, Diana for joining Kristin once a month.

## Adjourn

Kendall moved to adjourn.
