# Tuesday, Sep 15, 2020 7:00 pm

## Attendance

- Kendall Werts
- Jeff Lowe
- Matt Woods
- Emily Harden
- Kristin Garcia
- Diana Varnes
- Luke Crouch
- Se Yeon Kim
- Tommy Yi

## Welcome

## Officer Reports

### President (Kendall)

- Kendall shared a 2020 Budget update for review.
- Kendall introduced the new part-time hire, Emily Harden. She's helping with a combination of event coordination and marketing.

### Vice President (Jeff)

- No major updates.

## Board Reports

## Program Reports

### Conferences and Events (Maxx)

### ThunderPlains (Nov 12, 2020)

- We're moving ThunderPlains online this year! Details:
  - Thursday, November 12th, 2020
  - Single-track
  - Working with Emily on tasks
- [Revised 2020 website](https://2020.thunderplainsconf.com/) (Reskinned from last year) is now live.
- CFPs are open. [papercall.io/thunderplains](https://www.papercall.io/thunderplains)

### UXOK (Feb 5, 2021)

- We are still planning on an **in-person**/virtual combo conference. Should we consider pivoting to online only?
  - Kristin suggested: Could we start smaller with a half-day or smaller scale event to rally the community?
- Launched website: [uxok.org](https://uxok.org)
- Opened up CFPs ([papercall.io/uxok-2021](https://www.papercall.io/uxok-2021))
  - 11 submissions as of today
  - Open until early October\*\*\*\*

### 200OK (May 21, 2021)

- Setting date (nothing booked/updated) based on 2021 Hop Jam/Mayfest schedule.

### User Groups (Kristin)

**User Group General Updates**

- Not all user groups are meeting. Kristin will create an activity list to share this week.
- User groups are still using Virtual Meetups.
- We've received questions about how to stream meetups. Still an area of confusion.

**Follow-up on Meetup**

- Quick Slack Survey (9 replies)

* All informally surveyed user group leaders mentioned they needed something like Meetup.
* Some requested access to websites but other commented that updating websites wouldn't be consistent.
* Overall: They need something to schedule events and invite, they rely on the event system, they want something with an API to push to other resources. Want to pull Meetup events into a website or Facebook. But no solid answer.

**User Group Applications** - Draft being worked on by Kristin & Emily - Deadline to promote applications is Oct. 15. - Discuss deadline for return of applications Nov. 1. - Voting Dates? User groups and Board of Directors 2021.

**Webinars** - We're still hosting two monthly webinars for New to Tech and Jobs in Tech. - Attendance has been strong. More of a marketing tool with newer attendees. - One attendee from the Jobs in Tech webinar used the tips to land a job afterwards! - Discussed with Emily at some point figuring out a good onboarding system for new members. - Matt: Would love to collaborate on ideas to build out more onboarding. - Diana: Great idea. Spend a lot of time repeating myself explaining Techlahoma.

### Workshops & Civic Tech (Diana)

- Planning Django Girls workshop on Feb. 14.
  - Django girls as the formal workshop isn't doing formal workshops, but we can still use their resources informally.
- We've received lots of interest in CourtBot from brigades. Carlos, Diana, and Se Yeon have been meeting with them.
- We're performing audits on civil services websites with Code for America.

## Committee Reports

### Content Creation (Dodzi)

- No update.

### Fundraising

- Kendall: We're behind on next steps from the audit report. Should we table or run a fundraiser?
  - Ryan: Thinking about benefits we could offer to potential members. Individual and business memberships? Bring back the job board. We could still support a free tier, but offer additional perks in a paid tier.
  - Diana: Big fan of memberships. Could offer exclusive events for paid members?
  - Matt: Could we pair membership with custom membership alternative to Meetup? Need stronger push to update our virtual experience.
  - Kendall: We should schedule meeting to discuss and plan the potential for moving to a paid membership model further before next board meeting.

### Infrastructure

- No update.

### Marketing (Matt)

- Starting to plan for Thunderplains marketing push. Ideas and suggestions are welcome!
- Emily will handle assembling weekly newsletter moving forward.
- Emily's also helping with a volunteer recognition process that we hope to promote via the newsletter and social posts.

### Membership (Ryan)

- Almost done drafting guidelines for Slack moderators. He'll share the draft with the board first.
- We've seen some Slack members sending spammy direct messages. How should we handle?
  - Kendall: For now, we'll encourage members to message a Slack moderator. The moderator should reach out to the offender, check their local time zone, and ban if necessary.

## Unfinished Business

- Vision Discussion / Board Retreat Action Items
  - Next steps: Determine the value of membership.

## New Business

- The next board meeting in November will cover budgets and elections.
  - We'll approve working budgets for next fiscal year.
  - We'll vote on board elections and (if needed) officer elections.

## Thank Yous

- Kendall > Diana: Organizing diversity workshop.
- Kendall > Emily: Getting set up and getting started.
- Kendall > Maxx & Jeff: Starting organization for Thunderplains.
- Diana > Kristin: Coordinating all the workshops.
- Diana > Se Yeon: Meetings with Courtbot.

## Adjourn

Meeting adjourned at 8:13 p.m.
