# Tuesday, Nov 17, 2020 7:00 pm

## Attendance
- Kendall Werts
- Jeff Lowe
- Matt Woods
- Emily Harden
- Kristin Garcia
- Diana Varnes
- Luke Crouch
- Dodzidenu Dzakuma
- Maxx Crawford
- Tommy Yi

## Welcome

## Officer Reports

### President / Financials (Kendall)
* Runway is updated for November and December. 
* Added Emily's income to the forecast. We're updated until June.
* We're still getting ~$850/month in donations. Almost breakeven. 
* We will need to look for additional funding sources.

### Vice President (Jeff)
* Thunderplains was amazing this year. Flowed amazing. Quality talks. Done really well!

## Board Reports

## Program Reports

### Conferences and Events (Maxx)
* Kendall: Conferences are a lot of work! We need to find ways to break down volunteer positions into smaller tasks so it feels less overwhelming for individual volunteers. Current load can be overwhelming for new volunteers. (E.g. â€” Maybe picking speakers should only fall to 1-2 people.) 

### ThunderPlains (Nov 12, 2020)
* The conference went off without a hitch!
* We're improving on the virtual conference model. 
* We'll host a postmortem on the process within the week. We'll also send out a survey.
* Fiscally, not even sure if we made enough to order T-shirts. We'll share top line metrics as we finalize the count.

### UXOK (Feb 5, 2021)
* 33 speaker submissions total. Also reaching out to additional speakers on the side.
* Need to update website and publish announcement.
* Ahead of the curve in some areas, but need sponsors. 
* UXOK will also be virtual. Maxx contacted the venue we booked. We can either defer or get the money back. We'll probably ask for a refund.

### Network Fairs
* No updates for now.

### 200OK (May 21, 2021)
* No updates for now.

### User Groups (Kristin)
 - Funding remaining for the year:
    - Requests: Logo design, Zoom, Websites, Gift cards. How should we handle requests for new types of user group expenses?
    - Dodzi: Board understands overall financial health, so will need to make tough call and keep user group leads in the know. 
    - Kristin: Based on available funds, what could we dedicate to budget per group for the new year?
    - Matt: Are we seeing common needs from UGs we need to fill across the board?
  - Applications:
    - Currently: 20 Applications submitted
    - 2020: 32 UGs
    - New Deadline: Nov 22, 2020
    - Will reach out to each UGL via Slack and email
    - New group applying for Entrepreneurship & Tech; Free Code Camp Oklahoma (combining all groups)
  - Meetup:
    - Emily: any updates on usage and comparable sites?
    - Usage report: Emily or Jeff
  - Monthly Webinars:
    - No webinars for November, deciding on December.
    - Big Thank you to Dodzi and Chris for streaming them each month.
    - Hartwig Staff sponsored webinar with Crack the Code Book giveaway.

### Workshops & Civic Tech (Diana)
* Feedback from 36 attendees (coaches, students, organizers) on last workshop was positive. Participants said it was smoothly executed. We should be able to repeat the format easily. May cover React next time.

## Committee Reports

### Content Creation (Dodzi)
* No update.

### Fundraising
- Kendall: Discussed membership options. Most promising ideas are for company memberships. Matt has been working on proposal for business memberships. Same format recommended by Dustin. We need to talk to recruiters to see if it's viable.
- We also talked about the job board being a perk. 
- Matt: Please check out the write-up posted in Slack. The main goal is to align the benefits of the community in a way that meets the needs of sponsors in a way that doesn't compromise the community experience.
- Kristin shared Sprint Challenge funding opportunity. Could Techlahoma partner with local cities?

### Infrastructure
- Need to transfer some websites.
- Matt: Any objections to turning on 2FA? May be able to follow-up with Maxx.

### Marketing (Matt)
* Started experimenting with short video teasers for social created by volunteers.
* Pitched in to update Thunderplains website.

### Membership (Ryan)
* Ava resigned, but Se Yeon took her place.

## Unfinished Business
* Vision Discussion and Board Action items have been resolved.

## New Business
* The board voted for 2021 board nominees.
	* Matt Woods and Ryan Johnson will be stepping down from their board positions at the end of 2020.
* Next meeting we'll vote on all 4 officer positions.
* 2021 Ideas
	* Intern program
	* Paid coding workshops

## Thank Yous
* Maxx > Chris Tse, ThunderPlains one-man stream team
* Kendall > Maxx for MCing ThunderPlains
* Diana > Kristin for entrepreneurship meetup planning
* Kendall > Tommy for serving on the board for 6 years
* Kendall > Jeff for serving as an excellent President and VP
* Kendall > Kristin for serving as an excellent board member & committee chair
* Kendall > Matt & Ryan for serving on the board this year


## Adjourn
Meeting adjourned at 8:20 p.m.
