
# Tuesday, Dec 15, 2020 7:00 pm

## Open

 - Attendance (please be on call with video enabled)
	- Cecely Jones, Dodzidenu Dzakuma, Jeff Lowe, Kendall Werts, Se Yeon Kim, Kristin Garcia, Diana Varnes, Devon Mobley, Matt Woods, Luke Crouch, Tommy Yi, Mikeal Vaughn, Milecia McGregor, Ryan Johnson 
 - Approve [November 2020 board meeting minutes]
	 - Passed

(https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2020/11_november_minutes.md)

## Officer Reports

- President/Financials
  - [2020 Budget Tracking]
  - Created a new runway - if we don't make money on events next year (hard with covid) will run out of money in September (Takes into account paying Emily & donations each month)
  - 2021 Calendar - Take a look at it 
  - Townhall: 
	  - 2020 lost $~10k (pandemic) so we hired someone (Emily). 
	  - 2019 Made 20k 
	  - Anyone can attend: advertised in social media (tweet), newsletter, email morning of, announce right now as well. Need to do something in slack so user groups can tell their groups. 
	  - (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10KlK1Yb6_Gp2sAZvnNZ5tbD08TMlkY_XINKqSM74CLo/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Runway](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KJwYtzZFRyrqAQlxPbul3t5pmGXcjS-y4NlijMAU0Lk/edit?usp=sharing)
- Vice President
	- No report 

## Program Reports

- Conferences & Events - Maxx
  - ThunderPlains
  - UX Conference
  - Networking Fairs
- [User Groups](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2020/11_ug_report.md) - Kristin
- Workshops & Civic Tech - Diana

## Committee Reports

 - Jeff Lowe 
	- Hiring full time event coordinator has been in the works for 2+ years
	- Seen big improvements due to this - ThunderPlains couldn't have happened without her 
 
 - Emily (Conferences)
		- Have 1/2 speakers confirmed. 
		- Announcing website Jan 1st when we reach 100 followers 
		- UKOK
			- No sponsors as of now - working with Maxx on that 
			- Worked on ticket processing a bit 
				- Free ticket options "pay what you want" instead of "free" 
				- Cost tickets to get swag as well 
- Kristin Garcia (User Groups) 
	- We open applications for next year
	- 28 applications submitted (4 less than 2020); FreeCodeCamp, SheCodesOKC didn't apply, Reactivating & new group 
	- Some moved from sponsor to affiliated - not sure why 
	- Emily has been working on seeing who is or isn't using Meetup 
	- Put out recommendation to approve all groups who applied 
	- Budget 
		- (linked In GitHub) 
		- 33% of what was requested by user groups was used due to covid 
		- Last year requests was $14,000 total (2019); Some groups request double what they actual used 
		- 4700 Recommendation was due to not meeting beginning of the year; maybe in July we can go back to "in-person" 
		- TEKSystems usually sponsors WebDevs; Diane is speaking with them about corporate sponsorship since we aren't "in-person" 
		- Food at events; easier to get "cool food" with 40+ people vs 5 people because it gets too expensive to do 5+ more 
		
- Content Creation - Dodzi
	- Purchased license for Stream Labs to replace OBS to make things easier from a content perspective 

- Infrastructure - Luke
	- None 
- Marketing - Matt
	- None
- Membership - Ryan
	- None

## Unfinished Business

None 

## New Business

 - Ryan & Matts jobs are open - need to fill them 
 - For a 1 year term 
	 - Devon Mobley & Alex Ayon 
	 - Passes 
 - Elect Officers (3 nominations accepted. Kendall President, Diana Varnes for VP, Cecely for Secretary) - Approved 
	 - Nominations for Treasurer: Se Yeon Kim (accepted); Passed
	 - 3 new board members who can be treasurer as well 
 - Approve bookkeeper (Anna Lowe) as Bank of Oklahoma signer - Approved - we give Anna Lowe access; she will be a signer & get a debit card (Jeff Lowe abstained from voting) 
 - End of Year Survey 
	 - Take a look at it to see if there are any questions 
 - Budget Discussions (2021)
	 - Vote: 2021 budget approved 
	 - Donations app 
		 - We didn't send out end of year receipts last year - it's an old app that isn't maintained - concerning. Having  a CRM where someone else can adjust things is a good move 
		 - Might add a question in our questionnaire about how people first find Techlahoma to see if it's Meetup or something else 
	 - CRMs
		 -  Looked at 10-12 options for non-profits 
		 - Neon CRM is one of the possibilities ($239/month for 5k users)
		 - Wild Apricot is the other possibility  ($290/month for 5k users) 
		 - Thinking of moving away from Meetup to google adds /fb adds
		 - Need to get "buy in" from our top User Group Leaders before we make a move; make sure we don't lose them 
		 - Launching Corporate Sponsorships - will need to form a committee to work on that project - would be a good idea to do 
		 - LTFF funding; money is on hold - don't spend it
		 
 - 2021 Potential Projects 
	 - Company Memberships - Starting with recruiting, then corporate (can make us money)
	 - Job board (can make us money) 
	 - New Workshops (paid) like OKCoders but different topics 
	 - Internships - would probably need a grant - program to create nonstudent internships 

Starspace is thinking of closing event space; probably likely; will have to pick up stuff Feb ish 

## Thank Yous

 - All board members leaving - you worked so hard! 
 - New board members who came to this meeing! 


## Adjourn

