
  
  
# Tuesday, Jan 19, 2020 7:00 pm

## Open

- Attendance (please be on call with video enabled)
	-Cecely Jones, Emily H, Alex Ayon, Devon Mobley, Diana Varnes, Kendall Werts, Luke Crouch, Maxx Crawford, Se Yeon Kim, Dodzidenu Dzakuma, Mikeal Vaughn, Milecia McGregor, 
- Approve [December 2020 board meeting minutes](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2020/12_december_minutes.md)
	- Passed/Approved 

## Officer Reports

- President
  - [2021 Calendar](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xLEzSrZdUKeqlk-wMavdVG8gS-GwANfvHU5g6umFBfM/edit?usp=sharing)
- Vice President - Dianna Varnes (No Report) 
- Treasurer - Se Yeon Kim 
  - [Runway](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1re21C41a4cPuzVJAsDvooOWNAMjTX10gg8Ue9K0-CGE/edit#gid=688400469)
  - We have 21k & look at the Runway for an update
  - Around November we may run out of money - but we expected that due to covid money raising challenges 
  - Changed setting so not "anybody" can edit the Runway 
  - Updated the budget from what Anna had 
- Secretary - Cecely Jones
	- Let her know if Slack / Email isn't the best way for her to get ahold of you & she can email/text you if needed to get your reports

## Program/Committee Reports

- Conferences & Events - Maxx Crawford 
	- UXOK is doing well - Emily & Volunteers have done a TON of work! 
		- 44 people registered so far + $250 in paid tickets + 3 Sponsors & a $3,000 sponsor that has gotten us into the black 
		- Paid $500 for venue but it's being reimbursed so that's great! 
		- Event is 3 Fridays from now
		- Register now so you get notifications 
	- 200OK
		- Need to start kicking it off & Maxx will start getting that going 
-ThunderPlains 
	-No update 
- User Groups - Milecia
	- The Handbook is a big project
	- Has all information inside it but Emily making it look better will be huge 
- Workshops & Civic Tech - Alex
	- Thinking of workshops & at this time last year we had a job fair - this year will be different 
	- Wants something like a job fair but not sure on the date 
	- Thinking 2 types of workshops 
	- Thinking of partnering with Civic Tech to see what other projects are available in OKC/Tulsa Government 
	- Could we partner with the government to reflect on where the money went etc (nothing set in stone) 
	- Luke is talking about doing projects for non-profits for $1,000 donations etc. Might see how many in a year "we" could fit in as a "workshop / training" where money goes to Techlahoma 

Committee Proposal:

- Fundraising - Spot needs filling
	- Big thing is planning at least 1 fundraiser through the year 
	- Help us move forward with our discussion on Company Memberships & Individual Memberships 
	- Diana & Kendall are interested in being on the Committee 
	- If you're interested in helping on this committee let Kendall know 
- Marketing - Emily will run it now 
  - Streaming - Dodzi (Putting streaming under marketing) 
  - Going to work on getting us Google Ads soon
  - Has about 10 active volunteers on this committee 
  
- Membership - Spot needs filling
  - Conduct - SeYeon will run the Conduct portion of this
	  - Diana handled a tweet for Conduct committee - they met over it and handled it 
  - Whoever runs Membership Committee 
  - Track volunteers & make sure all volunteers get a gift at the end of the year 
  - Help make an effort to thank volunteers at least 1 time a year
  - Badging program 
- ~~Infrastructure~~ Doesn't do anything so we are deleting it (It's basically Emily now anyways) 

## Unfinished Business

#### 1Password & Email activation for new board members - Emily 
  - Tell Emily if you don't have access to 1Password & Email now as well 
#### User Groups use funds for advertising? - Emily 
  - Group Discussion 
	  - How to verify they spent it on advertising: itemized receipt but difficult to track if they buy paper to print flyers etc - or we can have them buy from a company so it's easier to track 
	  - Who do we allow to do this? 
	  - If someone owns it (Marketing) then they can request to Marketing for them to do things (order flyers, do social media accounts) 
	  - Maybe offering to help promote (Techlahoma / Emily) an event every 6 months to help prevent 10 groups asking for 10 flyers etc 
	  - Playbook for UserGroup Leaders on how to do things for their user groups - if looking for advertising a little of LinkedIn goes a long way if you have 1-2 Usergroup leaders who actively try to reach people that way. 
		  - Emily might have the Marketing group add to this about how to market your user group

#### CRM Investigation Task Force Report - Emily
 - [Emily's old presentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E56Pi3kk3MBDlXA94zPxmkGTvOYV5UHIOU1PFGik13c/edit?usp=sharing)
	 - We created an Ad Hoc committee last board meeting & added some people to the group to discuss the CRM & ideas 
	 - Group decided "YES" we need something 
	 - Decided on Neon 
		 - Cheaper
		 - Greater Capabilities 
		 - Not as great UI/UX but more options & that's better long term 
-Emily will create a video on what User Groups can expect from this as well 
 - [Neon CRM Roll Out](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YC3ursUWZswf8AyZK2bnnTRVU9-WH1xgxGlXCHfwJYo/edit?usp=sharing)
	 - See link for details on timeline 
	 - Biggest issues people had last time was losing "Meet up" advertising but Meetup is so expensive & we can use LinkedIn / Google Ads / Twitter Ads and save a lot of money
	 - Mailchimp will switch when things have been imported (Feb / March) 
	 - Donations App migration can start - will discuss later with Kendall / Diana - thinking March though  

## New Business

#### Fundraising Plan
 - [Old Fundraising Report from 2020](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/master/2020/assets/Techlahoma%20Fundraising%20Readiness%20Assessment%20Combined%20Report.pdf)
	 - Go read this report - very interesting
	

 - [Write On Proposal](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/raw/master/2021/Techlahoma%20Proposal%202021.pdf)
	 -   Goes into how to raise money from grants 50-75k in grants this year (they think they can get us) 
		 - Would cost $2,700/month + their fees 
		 - Think we need something like this but can't afford it right now (we'd run out of money in May) they say July we'd see return 
		 

#### Alcohol Policy
 - [Official Policy](https://www.techlahoma.org/alcohol-policy)
	 - We currently have a strict policy - not sure why 
	 - Think we should change it to something simple rather than how long it is now 
	 - Have 2 Board Members familiarize themselves with the rules & if a UG wants alcohol we have someone who can tell them yes/no & why / what they need to do 
	 - Talk with Bri Weathers about what to do with the rules 
	 - Wants a group to decide what the new policy is & present it in the next meeting 

#### Joint Conferences
 - How to support other local conferences
	 - Conference by conference basis 
	 - Will ask Conference Chair when/if it happens for what to do 
	 - Will reach out to UG leader channel about what to do if someone wants to sponsor a conference - who to contact 
 - Advertise/endorsed by Techlahoma

#### Retreat
 - (How) should we replace our yearly retreat?
	 - Past 3 years had a retreat & it's a planning session to catch new people up & get together 
	 - Maybe depending on a time of year might do an outdoor thing? 
	 - Super spread out at an indoor location? 
	 - Do a planning session virtually & do something fun later? Kendall will come up with agenda and we will figure it out
 
 #### Address
 - (How) We need to update it / New Address? 
	 - Change it to 36 Degrees North in Tulsa Proposed (Approved)
		 - Kendall will file paperwork  

#### 2021 Potential Projects:
 - Company Memberships
	 - Thinking Fundraising chair will take this over (Devon & Kendall will discuss this) 
	 - Thinking ad hoc committee: Design memberships, speak to companies to see if it's a good product & if so then launch it 
	 - Who will be on a Ad Hoc committee to work on this: Devon, Diana, Kendall, Dodzi, Se Yeon Kim, Luke (volun-told),  
 - Job Board
 - New Workshops
	 - Alex Ayon will be working on 
	 - More details to come 
	 - Might get an ad hoc committee on new workshops  - especially for the "paid" aspect 
		 - Alex, Diana, Nora, Alesha, Devon 
		
 - Internships
 
## Thank Yous

## Adjourn
